Nepal:
Land of mystic mountains and tales, Nepal is a paradise for hikers hidden between China and India. It is the birth place of Buddha.
 Home of the Himalayas, its high peaks taunts many aspiring alpinists for its real challenge: the Mount Everest.
 Nepal is finally a haven of peace and tolerance. 

Mountainous Adventure:
From the highest mountains in the world to amazing trekking trails, mountaineers, trekkers and adventurers seek out the Himalayas
 every year during climbing season.Nepal also offers some of the best white water adventures – rafting and kayaking on thrilling waters and gentle rapids.
 Dirt biking, skydiving, Asia’s second highest bungee jump, the world’s highest hotel and high altitude races make the country one of the most sought
 after destinations for an adrenaline rush.
 
 Kathmandu:
 Explore the lush jungles of the national parks in Chitwan, Bardia and Rara on elephant backs or jeep safaris to spot rhinos grazing in the wild,
 crocodiles along swampy rivers, and tigers on the prowl. The wetlands of the Koshi Tappu Reserve are a bird watchers delight.
 Up in the mountains of Manang, you can follow the trail of the mountain goats, yaks and the elusive snow leopard. Wake up to the sounds of the forest
 and sink into the evening with an amazing sunset.
 
 Wildlife:
 You can prefectly encounter the wildlife in such a close you that you have never done it before. Explore the lush jungles of the national parks in Chitwan,
 Bardia and Rara on elephant backs or jeep safaris to spot rhinos grazing in the wild,crocodiles along swampy rivers, and tigers on the prowl.
 The wetlands of the Koshi Tappu Reserve are a bird watchers delight.
 Up in the mountains of Manang, you can follow the trail of the mountain goats, yaks and the elusive snow leopard.
 Wake up to the sounds of the forest and sink into the evening with an amazing sunset.
 
 Unique Culture:
 
 
 
 US LINK: https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/traveladvisories/traveladvisories/nepal-travel-advisory.html 